What's going on here?
Why did the sky suddenly get dark?
I didn't expect it to be a mouse with a golden nose and white hair.
You hide it from humans
You are guilty
Master forgive me
I was originally a daughter of the King of Stealing Towers
Three years ago, the Qi family should have knocked over the statue of the king who stole the tower
I can't watch it.
This is to find the Qi family matter privately and punish it
Please spare my life
You punish the Qi family
But don't care if this woman lives or dies
To suck the economy and kill her
greedy
Should not stay
Beast not yet to be beaten
Heaven and earth forgive sins, this golden white-haired mouse is my duty
He does things without measure
Almost catastrophe
Ask heaven and earth to spare his life
May you commit crimes again and again
If it is a disaster for the world
The local will not be forgiven
Sister Qinger
Oops, useful, useful.
Daochang Sun is really amazing
I cured Qinger directly
The old man's blessing has not been painted yet, how can it be useful?
Ahahahaha
The old Buddha is a disciple of the armed crown
Of course there are some supernatural powers
Boy, have you taken it now?
This is obviously my cure, obviously the girl's disease
You really have a thick mouth, aren't you?
Hmph, you are shameless.
Sun Daochang cured Jin'er, and you are still slandering him
You also said that my Qi family has offended various immortals
Jin Lai's Punishment
I think you're the charlatan.
Someone will drive you out and beat you to death